refresh-rates (#1470)
Electric-Coin-Company/zcash-swift-wallet-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

and this library adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# Unreleased

## Added
- `Synchronizer.exchangeRateUSDStream: AnyPublisher<FiatCurrencyResult?, Never>`,
  which returns the currently-cached USD/ZEC exchange rate, or `nil` if it has not yet been
  fetched.
- `Synchronizer.refreshExchangeRateUSD()`, which refreshes the rate returned by
  `Synchronizer.exchangeRateUSDStream`. Prices are queried over Tor (to hide the wallet's

>   IP address).

Reviewer: Reminder that invalidating stale rates is required before release.

Author: Staleness is handled by Zashi itself at the moment.

and this library adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

# Unreleased

## Added

> - `Synchronizer.getExchangeRateUSD() -> CurrentValueSubject<FiatCurrencyResult?, Never>`, which fetches the latest USD/ZEC
>   exchange rate. Prices are queried over Tor (to hide the wallet's IP address) on Binance,
>   Coinbase, and Gemini.

Reviewer 2: Based on the changes in this PR to `Synchronizer`, this needs updating:
```suggestion
- `Synchronizer.exchangeRateUSDSubject() -> CurrentValueSubject<FiatCurrencyResult?, Never>`,
  which returns the currently-cached USD/ZEC exchange rate, or `nil` if it has not yet been
  fetched.
- `Synchronizer.refreshExchangeRateUSD()`, which refreshes the rate returned by
  `Synchronizer.exchangeRateUSDSubject()`. Prices are queried over Tor (to hide the wallet's
  IP address).
```
(I've removed the specific exchanges as we now fetch from more than these, and will alter the exchanges over time if needed.)

Author: Updated the changelog accordingly, but the API is slightly different.
